catalog/destinations/shopify/docs/connect.md, before:

## Connect 

Shopify is an all-in-one e-commerce platform that enables individuals and businesses to easily create and manage their own online stores.
### Create a Shopify Developer Application + Access Key
To enable Buildable to connect to your Shopify instance, you need to create a developer application.

You can generate a developer application as follows:
1. Log in to your Shopify admin panel.
2. Click on the "Apps" link in the left-hand navigation menu.
3. In the popup that appears in the search bar, click on "App and sales channel settings".
4. Click on the "Develop apps".
    - You may be required to enable Developer menu in this step
5. Click on "Create an app" button.
6. Give your application a name and click on "Create app"
7. In Configuration, set up the permissions (scopes) you want to give to Buildable.
8. In API credentials, generate an API token and save it.
9. Click on "Install app" button that appears on the top right.

That's it! You now have a Shopify Access Token that you can use to authenticate requests to the Shopify API.

### Securely Encrypted

Rest assured, your credentials are securely encrypted to keep your information safe.

### Need Help?

Start a conversation in our [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/47AJ42Wzys) or send an email to [support@buildable.dev](mailto:https://discord.com/invite/47AJ42Wzys). Our Data Engineers are available 24/7 to help if you ever get stuck.

Commit message:

Rebrand Buildable -> Event (#269)
* Update support email to support@event.dev

* Rebrand cleanup

* Rebrand cleanup

* Update Buildable -> Event

catalog/destinations/shopify/docs/connect.md, after:

## Connect 

Shopify is an all-in-one e-commerce platform that enables individuals and businesses to easily create and manage their own online stores.
### Create a Shopify Developer Application + Access Key
To enable Event to connect to your Shopify instance, you need to create a developer application.

You can generate a developer application as follows:
1. Log in to your Shopify admin panel.
2. Click on the "Apps" link in the left-hand navigation menu.
3. In the popup that appears in the search bar, click on "App and sales channel settings".
4. Click on the "Develop apps".
    - You may be required to enable Developer menu in this step
5. Click on "Create an app" button.
6. Give your application a name and click on "Create app"
7. In Configuration, set up the permissions (scopes) you want to give to Event.
8. In API credentials, generate an API token and save it.
9. Click on "Install app" button that appears on the top right.

That's it! You now have a Shopify Access Token that you can use to authenticate requests to the Shopify API.

### Securely Encrypted

Rest assured, your credentials are securely encrypted to keep your information safe.

### Need Help?

Start a conversation by sending an email to [support@event.dev](mailto:support@event.dev). Our Data Engineers are available 24/7 to help if you ever get stuck.
